samples: matter: make device types conform with the spec (#9030)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

--------------

* Added factory data, PICS and configuration overlay files to the :ref:`matter_weather_station_app` that are useful for getting to know the Matter certification process.

> * Updated ZAP configuration of the samples to conform with device types defined in Matter 1.0 specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated ZAP configuration of the samples to conform with device types defined in the Matter SDK v1.0 specification.
```

Author: Matter 1.0 specification is a separate thing from SDK. Also, the specification is officially advertised as "1.0", not "v1.0".
